add blog announcing localstack joining aws marketplace (#142)
localstack/localstack.github.io: content/blog/2023-08-31-localstack-has-joined-aws-marketplace-to-streamline-local-cloud-development-testing/index.md

---
title: LocalStack has joined AWS Marketplace to streamline local cloud development & testing!
description: Announcing the availability of LocalStack's Cloud Emulator to facilitate local cloud development and team collaboration in the AWS Marketplace.
lead: Announcing the availability of LocalStack's Cloud Emulator to facilitate local cloud development and team collaboration in the AWS Marketplace.
date: 2023-08-31T1:05:12+05:30
lastmod: 2023-08-31T1:05:12+05:30
images: []
contributors: ["LocalStack Team"]
tags: ['news']
---

> We are excited to announce that LocalStack is now available in the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-lllzw3ywntoxg?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa). LocalStack is the leading platform for local development and testing of cloud applications. LocalStack's Cloud Emulator allows you to effectively emulate over 80 AWS services directly on your local machine and on CI/CD systems to significantly cut down on development time and development. At its core, LocalStack provides a growing ecosystem of integrations that encompasses crucial components such as CI/CD providers, Application Development frameworks, Programming Language SDKs, Infrastructure-as-Code tools, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce that LocalStack is now available in the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-lllzw3ywntoxg?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa). LocalStack is the leading platform for local development and testing of cloud applications. LocalStack's Cloud Emulator allows you to effectively run over 80 AWS services directly on your local machine and on CI/CD systems to significantly cut down on development time and feedback cycles. At its core, LocalStack provides a growing ecosystem of native integrations that encompasses crucial components such as CI/CD providers, application development frameworks, programming language SDKs, Infrastructure-as-Code tools, and more. 
```

Our mission is to give developers back control over their environments and free them from wasting time with inefficient dev & test loops in the cloud, so they can instead focus on developing great products to solve the world's problems. This milestone holds significant value for our users as it grants developer teams the freedom to leverage their AWS budget effectively while harnessing the capabilities of LocalStack's emulation features. This synergy with diverse cloud developer tools has the potential to revolutionize the way developers build, test and deploy their AWS-powered applications today!

## Leveraging LocalStack through AWS Marketplace

> Through LocalStack’s AWS Marketplace integration,, you will get access to our [base emulation layer](https://localstack.cloud/solutions/cloud-emulation/) that offers advanced support for extended AWS services and features, along with [team collaboration features](https://localstack.cloud/solutions/team-collaboration/) through the LocalStack Team edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through LocalStack’s AWS Marketplace integration, you will get access to our [core emulation layer](https://localstack.cloud/solutions/cloud-emulation/) that offers advanced support for extended AWS services and features, along with [team collaboration features](https://localstack.cloud/solutions/team-collaboration/) through the LocalStack Team edition.
```

The LocalStack Team edition delivers a range of features aimed at enhancing your cloud productivity while seamlessly aligning with your existing workflows. These features are designed to reduce friction and adapt as your infrastructure & workflows scale, with:

- **Cloud Pods**: Store a persistent snapshot of your LocalStack instance in the Web Application and inject Cloud Pods from your team members into your LocalStack instance for collaborative debugging.
- **Stack Insights**: Access AWS usage telemetry, including service invocations, the user agent and the particular service during a specific LocalStack spin-up to enable deep debugging within your team.
- **LocalStack in CI**: Spin up LocalStack in your CI pipelines to run tests before pushing out changes to production or to create ephemeral environments to showcase your changes with LocalStack.
- **LocalStack Extensions**: Extend and customise LocalStack to integrate custom service emulators, such as Cloudflare & Stripe, into your LocalStack instance to enable your team go beyond AWS.

> With LocalStack now available in the AWS Marketplace, you can quickly leverage a streamlined procurement to access our cloud development framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With LocalStack now available in the AWS Marketplace, you can leverage a streamlined procurement to get easy access to our cloud development platform. 
```

> ## Subscribing to LocalStack in AWS Marketplace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subscribing to LocalStack on the AWS Marketplace
```

To launch LocalStack with AWS Marketplace, you can follow the steps below:

> - Go to **AWS Marketplace Subscriptions** in the AWS Console and locate **LocalStack** under **Discover Products**.

Reviewer: Wondering if we could include a screenshot of the Marketplace UI here, to make it even more "tangible" what the process looks and feels like..?

Author: Sure, will do!

- Review the terms, select the desired number of seats, contract renewal strategy, and accept the contract. Accepting the contract will initiate a Marketplace subscription.
- Once the contract is accepted, you'll be prompted to finalize the order by clicking a button. You'll then be directed to the LocalStack Web Application, where you need to authenticate by signing in or signing up.
    {{< img-simple src="localstack-web-application-contract.png" alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a subscribe button which can be clicked after signing-in to the application">}}

> - Upon successful authentication on the LocalStack Web Application, you'll be automatically returned to the previous page. At this point, an additional button will be visible, allowing you to subscribe to LocalStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upon successful authentication on the LocalStack Web Application, you'll be automatically returned to the previous page. At this point, an additional button will be visible, allowing you to finalize the subscription.
```

    {{< img-simple src="localstack-web-application-subscribe.png" alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a subscribe button which allows you to complete the subscription">}}
- Click the button to establish a connection between your LocalStack organization and the AWS Marketplace Customer. This will redirect you to the subscription page, where a banner appears next to existing subscriptions, with the AWS Marketplace subscription becoming visible within a few minutes.

>     {{< img-simple src="localstack-web-application-synchronization.png" alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a box which mentions that the synchronization is in progress and may take a few minutes">}}

Reviewer: Not sure if that works, but basically it would be nice to reduce the size of this image a bit (to align it with the other images):
```suggestion
    <img src="localstack-web-application-synchronization.png" width=300 alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a box which mentions that the synchronization is in progress and may take a few minutes">
```

>     {{< img-simple src="localstack-web-application-synchronization.png" alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a box which mentions that the synchronization is in progress and may take a few minutes">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="localstack-web-application-synchronization.png" width=300 alt="Image of LocalStack Web Application showing a box which mentions that the synchronization is in progress and may take a few minutes" />
```

Note that subscriptions cannot be modified or canceled within the LocalStack Web Application. Any changes such as upgrades, downgrades, or cancellations should be managed through the AWS Marketplace. You can make subscription adjustments by navigating to **Modify Current Contract** or **Modify Renewal Terms** on the AWS Marketplace.

## Next Steps

In the era of rapid digital transformation, organizations embrace DevOps for agile software delivery, yet struggle with deployment delays, security issues, and cost management. Overcoming these challenges requires efficiency and agility to streamline development & testing cycles and maximize the impact of DevOps practices.

> LocalStack enables local cloud sanboxes, aiding developers and cutting down inefficient dev&test loops in software workflows. LocalStack's listing in the AWS Marketplace is a step towards making local cloud sanboxes for development & testing accessible to AWS customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack enables local cloud sandboxes, aiding developers and cutting down inefficient dev&test loops in software workflows. LocalStack's listing in the AWS Marketplace is a step towards making local cloud sandboxes for development & testing easily accessible to AWS customers.
```

> To know more about LocalStack, visit [localstack.cloud](https://localstack.cloud), or follow us on X [@localstack](https://x.com/localstack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out more about LocalStack, visit [localstack.cloud](https://localstack.cloud), or follow us on Twitter/X [@localstack](https://x.com/localstack).
```
